TITLE:
    Name: Kyle Kubaska
    Section: A
    Project Title: Fluid Simulation

PROBLEM DESCRIPTION:
    A program that graphically simulates a fluid. A constant velocity is pushing
    up and to the right from the center. This is a physically accurate program, 
    calculated using the Navier Stokes equations. The fluid is incompressible 
    with a viscosity, and diffusion rate. The user can add density by clicking,
    and capture the current screen by pressing the spacebar.

PROGRAM DOCUMENTATION:
    To run this program, you'll need have a compiled version of SFML, in the places that the Makefile expects. 
    You can add density by clicking, and capture the current screen by pressing the spacebar. 
    You can close it by pressing Q.
    I'd have loved to mutlithread this, but time got the better of me. Luckily it's not laggy. 
    I'd like the user to be able to add velocity by moving the mouse,
    and I'd like to be able to add solid objects to the field.

CLASS DESCRIPTION: 
    I created the Fluid class. It encapsulated the entire fluid, including its velocity and density, 
    as well as projecting, diffusing, and advecting those values. This class allowed an easier understanding of the fluid.

LIST DATA STRUCTURE:
    I used several lists of velocities, densities, colors, etc. This was necessary as the program had sequential values to render.
    It made all the necessary math much easier.

FILE I/O:
    The user can save a picture of the game instantly. This program did not need file IO.

REFLECTIONS:
    In writing a fluid simulator, I gained an understanding of the interplay between physics, 
    mathematics, and computer science. Developing the simulator required a deep dive into fluid 
    dynamics concepts. I learned to translate complex equations governing fluid behavior into code. 
    The process involved challenges like managing boundary conditions, optimizing performance, and 
    striking a balance between accuracy and computational cost. Beyond the technical aspects, the final result
    is really quite pretty.